On a Smarter Planet, information-centric processes are exploding in
growth. In order to excel in todays competitive environment, businesses
need to support these processes, and efficiently manage the massive
volumes of data they drive, with minimal risk. The mainframe has always
been the IT industry's leading platform for transaction processing,
consolidated and secure data serving, and for supporting enterprise-wide
applications.

With the IBM zEnterprise® System, IBM extends the mainframe platform to
help large enterprises reshape the IT experience for their customers.
Enterprises can also drive intelligent insights, in near real time, to
improve business performance and reduce risk. Use of the zEnterprise
BladeCenter Extension (zBX) allows integration of IBM POWER7 and System
x blades.

The zEnterprise continues the mainframe tradition of providing the most
trusted and resilient platform for large businesses. The extreme
scalability of zEnterprise can offer significant cost savings on core
business processes. Freed resources can be used to focus on developing
new services to drive growth. With the IBM zEnterprise Unified Resource
Manager, organizations can leverage dynamic and intelligent resource
management to simplify operations.

A recent study by Rubin Worldwide1 confirms that mainframe "heavy"
organizations grow more efficiently in supporting business computational
demands than distributed server "heavy" organizations, demonstrating 39%
more upward scalability in that they could support revenue growth with
61% less investment than those that were distributed server "intense".
















